nice finished blowing devil here we go
and so the idea is that this is
obviously our job to fly this bird this
one's gonna give it try it flying wings
I guess no one box you know it's glowing
if you look back there's a bit the other
touch you and the two different
mechanisms that I tried this was this
mechanism uses purely mr. balance the
force on me on this editor they say it
which is attached to this collar it
could work
we won't come but it was just to make it
even really and they center cam drives
the main shaft up and Amidon when the
others of the main shaft would have the
delegator touched and then the collar
would attach to be same as on this one
here the color would attach the wings
remove the collar of them you can see
there's a way just going the opposite
directions call it goes up twins go down
but I'll try that to save a shape of the
cabinet there you can see all the empty
counters experience section that follows
the curve of the eunuch percent come
provide the floppy movement in the end I
decided against that just because this
way was the way it moved the shaft I
would rather have a positive Drive like
yeah when account my father originally I
had made crank slider mechanism with a
from and then a camera on the outside of
it and they were evenly spaced so as you
moved it the wings fluffed four times as
fast as you a bit but in the end I
decided to use the same camera father I
had used on the only model so you can
say that again
- comes on the outside and again it's
just to balance that piece there so
you're moving in there and pull it up
and down and we should tune it so is
there a bit even space now the first of
clapping's
and then the body lifts up - up in the
air he stops flapping it goes back down
to the ground again
sort of lust must monitor version which
is just printed up to color cardboard
and you can see that what happens is it
lifts up the feet it's so since I was
actually glued to the top of the box so
the top of the leg is attached inside
the body there sort of stretches out
onto his tiptoes that's of a stop slop
it goes back down to the ground that's a
bit goes down flops bit knows the game
better so it continues to find out that
cough so that was the last stage that
was basically identical to the Finnish
model apart from the color and smile
finished off the model change the colour
scheme a bit and this is the color
printed version there which is available
on the website if you remember you can
download this model for free otherwise
is then there's miss small price to pay
and sound that you go a bit like it your
very own back from extinction